[joy-ui][typography] Update docs after lineHeight changes (#39366)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/typography/typography.md

### Title and body

> Aside from the heading typographic levels, the Typography component provides `title-*` and `body-*` type levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from the heading typographic levels, the Typography component also provides the `title-*` and `body-*` type levels.
```

> To ensure a good UI balance and information hierarchy, we recommend combining them using the same size or a lower one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure proper information hierarchy, we recommend combining them using either the same size or a lower one.
```

> For example, using `title-lg` with `body-lg` or `title-md` with `body-sm`.

Reviewer: I think we can delete line 43 there and have the "To ensure..." and "For example..." sentences on the same line!

> We recommend to combine the title and body with the same or lower size when using them together. For example, `title-lg` and `body-lg` or `title-md` and `body-sm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from the heading typographic levels, the Typography component provides `title-*` and `body-*` type levels.

To ensure a good UI balance and information hierarchy, we recommend combining them using the same size or a lower one.
For example, using `title-lg` with `body-lg` or `title-md` with `body-sm`.
```

I know you haven't touched this, but it's a good opportunity to revise this small paragraph a bit. I can't get the previous sentence (i.e., "The title-* and body-* are...") in the suggestion, but I'm considering it for it! It's a tricky sentence — @samuelsycamore might be able to shed some more light!
